docs: clarify behavior of ng serve with server.ts (#57658)
angular/angular: adev/src/content/guide/ssr.md

## Configure server-side rendering

> Note: In Angular v17 and later, `server.ts` is no longer used by `ng serve`. The dev server will use `main.server.ts` directly to set up `CommonEngine`.

Reviewer: Remove `CommonEngine` as this is not used during `ng serve`.

```suggestion
Note: In Angular v17 and later, `server.ts` is no longer used by `ng serve`. The dev server will use `main.server.ts` directly to perfom server side rendering.
```
